Created the login and register parts, connected them with a PHP MyAdmin database even though it wasn't asked for. Linked the login to the main page and posted the username to the main page via PHP. After designing the first page, I linked the navbar via Bootstrap and started working on the part with image slider designs. After a few days, I created the JavaScript that links boxes with Google Maps links inside the page when clicked. Did my best to make the webpage responsive. Then I created the history part with HTML elements and linked the boxes with links to other pages. Did the CV part using HTML semantic tags (such as main, section, aside, article, etc.). I created a contact form using form elements, and with JavaScript, I did the form validation. With PHP, I posted the form to formcommit.php. Also created a review form to do validation with JavaScript frameworks. Created a part about me in general using HTML tags and utilized the beauty of CSS to create a kind of blog page. Created a part for using an API, first of all searched a lot to lear how to do that. Since my favorite hobby is watching movies, I created a part where the user can search for movies and see the results on my webpage through the API. Also created a logout button that sends back to the login. I took care to use HTML/CSS/JavaScript/PHP as much as I can, so to be able to work with PHP more, I posted the username like in every single part of the page. Took care of posting these details on github, redesign a few css pages, made the contact and review form responsive w/media queries, did a bit of logic for java script framework form validation on review form, and fixed the problem that was showing up on posting the data logic! to be continiued.., created the slider part and fixed a few funcions oj java script on the moreabout kosovo part.Also started searching about the hosting process that we are going to do at the end of the project.
